# MYM Games Studios Challenge
Test case for MYM Games Studios 

## Design Choices
- BPI_Actor is kind of useless here. The purpose if it is just overriding or exposing CPP functionality. Since the project outline stated that this should be a blueprint only project, it wasn't possible to properly overriding or using CPP functios. Hence, this interface exists.
- BP_ColorMachine and BP_ShapeMachine has similar functionality. However they have implemented as separate actors, without any common base. I don't think having a base would be the best solution considering they would still override the same functions and implement same as they are doing right now. It both feels like code duplication and separate logic (due to possibility of different future extensions) at the same time. I'm not sure what would be the best solution.
- Delivery table consumes any item put on it after a second. The comparison is made with the oldest order only. Giving a product that is on the list would still be considered as false if it doesn't match with the oldest order. If the order is empty, delivered item will still be consumed to make way for the other items. It could have been implemented in a way to try finding a match between put item and all existing orders. It could have also been implemented in a way to wait for an order to be able to put the item on the delivery table or make the item wait until an order is created and compare with it once a new one is created. However it's not, in order to keep the simplicity of the project as there wasn't any restrictions on this matter.
